Allow Test to be skipped when pom specifies maven.test.skip=true (#1263)
eclipse-m2e/m2e-core: RELEASE_NOTES.md

![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70652978/212153011-160fa96a-1c06-4092-9b89-fcd7a3c2859e.png)

> ### Skip on Tests
> 
> Before, the property "<maven.test.skip>true</maven.test.skip>" and the "skip" configurations on "maven-compiler-plugin" and "maven-resources-plugin" were not taken into account by M2E.
> Now, they are well taken into account by M2E and this allows, depending on the need (especially compilation time), to either not compile tests or not copy test resources.
> The folders thus ignored no longer appear in the Package Explorer as "Java" folders but as standard folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Ignore Test Sources and Resources compilation if `maven.test.skip=true` is specified

The property "<maven.test.skip>true</maven.test.skip>" and the "skip" property in configurations of the "maven-compiler-plugin" and "maven-resources-plugin" are now taken into
account by M2E in the sense that, if enabled, M2E ignores the corresponding folder, which no longer appear in the Package Explorer as "Java" folders but as standard folders.
This allows, depending on the need (especially compilation time), to either not compile tests or not copy test resources.

In general it is not recomended to use the mentioned properties but to use `-DskipTests` instead:
https://maven.apache.org/surefire/maven-surefire-plugin/examples/skipping-tests.html
```
